DOC-2446: Temporary elements such as incorrect spelling highlights were interfering with accessibility checking. (#3341)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/7.2-release-notes.adoc

For information on the **Image Editing** plugin, see: xref:editimage.adoc[Image Editing].

=== Accessibility Checker

The {productname} {release-version} release includes an accompanying release of the **Accessibility Checker** premium plugin.

**Accessibility Checker** includes the following fix.

==== Temporary elements such as incorrect spelling highlights were interfering with accessibility checking.
// #TINY-10771

> Previously, elements with certain attributes (such as highlights from the spellchecker) were not being ignored by some checks in the Accessibility Checker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously, certain elements with specific attributes, such as highlights from the xref:introduction-to-tiny-spellchecker.adoc[Spell Checker] plugin, were not being ignored by some checks in the Accessibility Checker plugin.
```

> As a consequence, those checks were not functioning correctly, considering an additional, unnecessary layer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a consequence, these checks were not functioning correctly and were missing errors that should have been detected by the Accessibility Checker.
```

> Previously, elements with certain attributes (such as highlights from the spellchecker) were not being ignored by some checks in the Accessibility Checker.
> 
> As a consequence, those checks were not functioning correctly, considering an additional, unnecessary layer.
> 
> {productname} {release-version} addresses this issue. Now, the checks have been modified to ignore all elements that should be excluded, such as those with specific attributes added by the spellchecker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously, certain elements with specific attributes, such as highlights from the xref:introduction-to-tiny-spellchecker.adoc[Spell Checker] plugin, were not being ignored by some checks in the Accessibility Checker plugin.

As a consequence, these checks were not functioning correctly and were missing errors that should have been detected by the Accessibility Checker.

{productname} {release-version} addresses this issue. Now, the checks have been modified to properly ignore all elements that should be excluded, such as those with specific attributes added by the Spell Checker plugin.

As a result, the Accessibility Checker now accurately identifies the accessibility issues in the content, even when temporary elements are present.
```

> {productname} {release-version} addresses this issue. Now, the checks have been modified to ignore all elements that should be excluded, such as those with specific attributes added by the spellchecker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{productname} {release-version} addresses this issue. Now, the checks have been modified to properly ignore all elements that should be excluded, such as those with specific attributes added by the Spell Checker plugin.
```
